>> Bianca Gandolfo: So here are some
operations you might be expected to do
in a typical data structure
based interview question.
And I have some notes here,
so for a stack and a queue.
Again, it's not really, it is ordered,
but it's usually not like ordered.
It's not like sorted usually and
so, these kind of sorting based
operations aren't common, but
you can do like the Tower of Hanoi or
sort of stack with an auxiliary
stack kind of questions or
something you could imagine, but
you're not really gonna sort it in place.
I mean, you could, it's just not a really
common one, but definitely reversing,
know how to reverse the stack,
link list and your array string.
Know how to reverse them,
you can learn how to merge sort,
quick sort for your raise.
You could sort a link list, it's not very
common, but it could be a fun experiment.
What else?
So if you're merging something that's
already sorted, what about if
you're merging a range of values?
The trick is if it's a range of values,
you typically want to sort.
Well, it depends on the problem,
but the typical problem for
merging a range of values is this job
scheduling or meeting scheduling problem.
You usually wanna sort by the start time,
so that's a tip,
you could sort by the end time.
There are other ways that
you can sort them, but
usually sorting by the start time.
Wait, no, sort by the earliest end time,
sort by the early earliest end time.
Yeah, sort by the earliest end time,
that's kind of the typical best solution.
So shuffling is actually really hard,
randomization questions
are really difficult.
If you got this kind of question,
you would, would it necessarily need
to be able to implemented perfectly,
but you should be able to talk about
what are the challenges of like
randomization and things like that.
A true randomization I mean,
added distance is if you have like
this list one, two, thee, and
then you have this list it's two,
two, three,
how many changes do you need to make,
to get this to be the same, so
this is a really popular one.
Usually in an interview question,
it's only one step,
its not a recursive figure out
everything kind of problem,
but the true edit distance problem
is what you use to diffing the dom,
and stuff like that, or
going through large texts and
spell-check, things like that.
So those are some things,
so these two down here,
I don't think you really need to know,
I just like them, so I put them there.
But these ones I would practice,
all of these and even if it's not typical,
just try it and see where you get
stuck and what the challenges are,
and then you'll know why you can or
cannot do that.
Okay, here's more [LAUGH] cuz
I knew you were like, man,
that's not enough, I want more.
So just some things, you should
be able to search for values and
all of these searching if it's sorted.
You can't sort a hash table.
So a Min/Max, you probably wanna have
an auxiliary stack that makes it constant.
If it's Min/Max sorted, and
you can just do it in place, unique,
you can use a hash table.
Linear time, if it's sorted,
you could do it in place as well.
Permutations, that's a super fun one.
I definitely recommend that you do
permutation, anagram, substring problems.
We're out of the scope of this workshop,
but those are some super fun ones and
very common for strings, and
also dynamic programming type problems.